Clear attributes (#60)
tjw-lint/jest-serializer-vue-tjw: README.md

Setting              | Default           | Description
:--                  | :--               | :--

> attributesToClear    | []                | Takes an array of string of attributes, like `['title', 'id']`, to remove the values from these attributes. `<input title id class="stuff">`.

Author: ```suggestion
attributesToClear    | []                | Takes an array of attribute strings, like `['title', 'id']`, to remove the values from these attributes. `<input title id class="stuff">`.
```
